Fix waypoints next and previous when connecting two lines with opposite directions (#7137)
carla-simulator/carla: CHANGELOG.md

>   * Fixed waypoint.next and previous causing loops when connecting two opposite-direction lanes.

Reviewer: Isn't this better?
```suggestion
  * Fixed waypoint.next and .previous causing loops when two opposite-direction lanes follow each other in the map.
```
